hello everybody my name is Matt welcome
to my kitchen today I'm going to cook a
very popular dish in Chinese restaurant
all over the world it's name is called
Mapo tofu Mapo tofu if he says her
stoutish because a soap opera so you can
see my port over in every Chinese
restaurant no matter what style of food
this restaurants making so the way to
make Mapo tofu is really easy you just
need to grab all the ingredients from
the supermarket and no SKUs needed maybe
only take around 10-15 minutes so let's
start to cook in a kiss ingredient you
need to prepare to 150 grands of Pop mix
also you can use the beef mix whatever
you like and here's the tofu you can buy
from Chinese supermarket because I
normally cook for two people whole
portion so just half of the tofu is
enough these are also the 250 gram of
tofu is enough and here is the
interesting st. normally in retro you
won't eat this kind of mushroom in Mapo
tofu but I call ikat and I think you
will go very well with Mapo tofu so it's
called Lele mushroom yeah i trade my
from Chinese supermarket sometimes I see
them from Tesco but you definitely can't
buy from Chinese supermarket
it is really crunchy that kind of
texture of mushroom really nice first
let me start to chop the top floor so
you need to get out of the water or the
water will be everywhere so yeah so now
the water gone just may be safe I just
cut into the in the box its cuts back
John so any move will break it so half
of the tofu to a hundred fifty gram
chopping the tofu just chop into the
smoke here is enough you don't need to
be raised more if you chop twist more
it's very easy to break so press 1 if
you think it's too big while you're
cooking it you can use the wooden spoon
make it smaller if you want just put the
tofu in one bowl and porce I prepared
them and prepare the linee mushroom
because it's for two people so maybe
just one force of the daily master is
enough just didn't much is enough to
Milly mushroom say the root of the
emotion is crying as we last here so
just cut them off and wash it
oh and then massage right here that
stick together suggested I use her hand
to tear them into small pieces
the commissary is really easy to cook
cook for 2 or 3 minutes then it's done
for the so I wish the tofu and here's
the pork and it's just use the means
it's very easy when you chop here just
like this wages
now the preparation work is done see
it's very easy like less than five
minutes but that's who type of the
source one is called spicy bean sauce
it's called map or sauce you can and
also the other is called bean pasta
that's why I personally quite like the
spicy bean sauce because it already
spicy I have that kind of suits one
flavor spicy like you know make your
tongue feel now that kind of spicy but
if you do not like that kind of spicy
you can use the chili bean pasta and
it's spicy it's very nice by say it is
really not raise prices just smile
remodel spicy so today I'm just going to
use the spicy bean sauce macro sauce you
can buy from any Chinese supermarket if
you cannot find just by the things past
hassles no chili bean sauce also
possible turn the heat on cooking oil
no further means you don't need to add
any stores and any soy sauce or anything
because the Mathmos sauce is quite a lot
of flavor so if anything just add the
sauce it's like you make the things up
on in this past time just need to you
know put the mint leaves add the sauce
and put the pasta in that's all if this
is the same it's the same kind of way we
just need to put the map for sourcing
and surprise with the mother earth
commercials with some names and then put
it away for the little machine means
it's almost some guy the map box was
inside
if you like braids that kind of spicy
like so concise writing you can also add
other causes such fun have a cause of
Christ I'll cry with it first point for
it enough so if you like the more flavor
you get at least one of the toys at the
water
to the mill to the hit to the median
please not your some high heat so at the
Lima summer a and also tofu and cover it
with the lid cook for around 2-3 minute
also I get to make the tofu look better
maybe add some spring onion inside to
spring onions enough just before it is
done nice to isolate onion smoked kisses
Canada's Indian core Shelton panto food
eaten up by the spring onion with the
tofu eating one green all right
- what eating all by means something is
real innocent something in every you can
see really clearly because you see the
green and white you can see they you
know to rate conscious color so yeah it
is me to prove some some day it's
innocent to not do something terrible
something bad it'll it out and I think
it is almost done
the water needs to evaporate so when the
author of us going can just the sauce
left and then yeah and he saw that is
done okay I have the settlement I can
see the table in this way and here the
water almost car and you can see the
sauce is raised a and now just put the
spring onions
and stuff right mr. hope
how do you always like the hoppers the
worry about the Worr is not nothing
enough so yeah just use the high
temperature took your order of violence
it's ready to serve
okay it just ran DXE smells good thank
you very much for watching and I hope
you enjoy the show if you like my show
please follow come and subscribe me see
you next time